https://xresolver.com/ to find IP

Once it gives you an IP. Ignore the location it gives you and copy/paste that IP into https://www.ipfingerprints.com/

IP Locator | IP Location Finder | Locate Network Address | Internet...
Find the location of an IP Address on map.
now you have a name. location. and the ability to purchase proxies and yk how to find good ones
To find current Epic Name

Head to the Epic Launcher and type in the Xbox name in add a friend

Click on the profile you see with his xbox account linked. Whatever epic display name you see assume its the "First Display Name" these are one of the questions epic asks you
Connect to a proxy and forward it to a port and then check ipfingerprints to make sure your in that loco

Now your ready to actually pull
To pull. Purchase "Live Chat Accounts" or "Aged Defaults"

most are yopmail but yk how to login. 
just reset epic pass (USE THE PROXY and then login)
Once your logged in to the live chat account. Head to https://www.epicgames.com/help/en-US/contact-us

Scroll down to the contact us
then it should prompt you with a message and the ability to connect to live chat
Select your platform as "Xbox" or whatever console OGO is using
Now what you have to do is those mind games i was talking about
Convince them
heres a decent script

"Hi I have this kinda weird issue where I cant really play anything anymore. for some weird reason I havent gotten any emails from anybody in like weeks and I cant send any either idk whats going on but now I cant play because it wont send me my xbox 2fa codes and idk my epic pass so I cant reset plz help me
Once your in live chat and they ask you for the current email just say

idk it was an old one that i only sign into like once a year and since it got locked now I cant find it since I was auto logged in. i can try and find it if you want"

if they tell you to go find it. pretend to look for it for like a minute or two
then say you cant find it
then they will ask you for the Xbox gamertag or the epic display name
Xbox name you know already. Epic display name is in the Epic Launcher as u alr found
they will investigate for a few minutes then say one of the following

we cannot proceed due to epic security protocol (this means you got a bad employee or the accounts fried)
OR
we have to convert this chat into email. (Good)
If you get converted to email. Make an outlook thats based on the OGO gamertag

If his Gamertag is GlopertGod69
make the outlook GlopertGod69 or something similar to the gamertag
then they will ask you questions
the first time you get questions. Wait for me and ill help you answer
Once they email you questions. they wont ask you for a receipt lol (because im good at scripts)
they will ask you these

1. IP (Use the IP From Xresolver)
2. First Display (What Epic Launcher shows is the current epic name)
3. Purchase Locations (Whatever IPFingerprints said OGO IP was located and where your currently connected from via proxy)
4. Connected Accounts (Xbox Gamertag)
5. Invoice IDS (i checked but i dont have any)
6. Last 4 (say i didnt add my card)
7. if u get verified and they ask you for a new email. make another outlook that is similar to the gamertag
8. they will probably update it and just like that
9. you got an account

-EXTRA INFO HERE-

If Xresolver does have an IP go to here

https://www.ipfingerprints.com/

And note the following

City, State. ISP (Its ideal to match this) 
IP Locator | IP Location Finder | Locate Network Address | Internet...
Find the location of an IP Address on map.
IPS are formatted like this

... or **...

Those first 2 dots 

.* or *. you should try and match to the proxy
for example
if OGO IP says its 72.198    Try and get your proxys IP to start with 72.198 and make sure its in the same city and same ISP
you dont need but it helps
first 2 segments
you 100% need it to be in the right city
and if you can always match ISP

https://www.piaproxy.com/
Proxy service #1

https://proxylte.com/
Proxy service #2

PIA Proxy - Best Socks5 Residential Proxy Anonymous & Secure
PIA Proxy's residential IP network is high quality and fully compliant, easily scale your corruption and never get banned.
Proxy LTE - Dynamic LTE Mobile Proxies
Proxy LTE - Dynamic LTE Mobile Proxies
For https://proxylte.com/

Make sure your IP Type is WiFi and "Socks5"
Proxy LTE - Dynamic LTE Mobile Proxies
Proxy LTE - Dynamic LTE Mobile Proxies
if i were u use Pia Proxy
To find names. that pdf you have is right
gamerdvr the killfeeds etc
To find IP
same thing 
